# Project5_Vehicle Fuel Economy Estimates, 1984-2017¶
## Dataset
The purpose of EPA’s fuel economy estimates is to provide a reliable basis for comparing vehicles. Most vehicles in the database (other than plug-in hybrids) have three fuel economy estimates: a “city” estimate that represents urban driving, in which a vehicle is started in the morning (after being parked all night) and driven in stop-and-go traffic; a “highway” estimate that represents a mixture of rural and interstate highway driving in a warmed-up vehicle, typical of longer trips in free-flowing traffic; and a “combined” estimate that represents a combination of city driving (55%) and highway driving (45%). Estimates for all vehicles are based on laboratory testing under standardized conditions to allow for fair comparisons.

EPA’s fuel economy values are good estimates of the fuel economy a typical driver will achieve under average driving conditions and provide a good basis to compare one vehicle to another. However, your fuel economy may be slightly higher or lower than EPA’s estimates. Fuel economy varies, sometimes significantly, based on driving conditions, driving style, and other factors.The data we will be looking at is taken from https://www.kaggle.com/epa/fuel-economy. This data set contains 38113 row with 81 variables.

## Summary of Findeings
The most used cars are Chevrolet , which is approximately 4000 users, followed by Ford, which are two powerful American companies, then it is followed by some American companies and others such as the Japanese and others.Oh, it is surprising that the old cars are the top and almost 1985 cars while the latest ones on 2017 are in the 6th rank.We note that the higher driving type is the rear wheel and front wheel drive, which is economical. The most cylinders are 4 and then 6 and are somewhat uneconomical for the 6. The type of fuel is important in the economy, the most important of which is regular, but there is something strange about it, which is diesel. It is known that diesel is economical.After looking at the demo, it became clear that the greater the number of cylinders, the greater the displacement, and this reflects the engine's power. Also, it turns out that the higher the Combined MPG (FT1), the lower the number of cylinders and the displacement, which means that fuel is saved with it.Fuel costs and their consumption on an annual basis. It is reasonable to assume that the more shrimp is consumed, the greater its value. This applies to fuel, and it is a positive sign, although the costs increase, but this is profitable for the state as well.It is expected that most types of cars walk on highways, but after linking the type of fuel, the situation has changed a lot, as few types of cars walk on highways and the most important and famous are also rear-wheel drive cars and their fuel type is regular gas and electricity, which is more economical than others because it travels more distance and because It works on electricity, and if the speed increases, the gas regulator works, followed by the four-wheel drive, and its fuel type is the gas or electricity regulator, which is close to the type mentioned earlier.After seeing the relationship between the types of chargers to Combined MPG (FT1) and the type of fuel, it became clear that the chargers meet in some types of fuel with different Combined MPG (FT1), because you are among the most important of them regular, premium or E85, premium and electric, and others, but they also differ and they are two diesel and gasoline. To some extent, but the turbocharger is the dominant one, and this means that the supercharger is more fuel-efficient than the turbocharger.

## Key Insights for Presentation
For the presentation, I just focus on features that could affect the Distribution of Make, which are Drive , Engine Cylinders and Fuel Type. Then, I showed the relationship Annual Fuel Cost (FT1) vs Annual Consumption in Barrels (FT1), as well as APR vs. rating. I also investigated the effect of Engine Cylinders ,Engine Displacement and Combined MPG (FT1), as well as the effect of rating on relationship between Fuel Type on Drive and Highway Range (FT2) as well as the effect of Chargers By Combined MPG (FT1) and Fuel Type.

